Welcome to the next section of this course.
So in this section, we'll be taking a look at dramatization.
And this lecture is an introduction to explain what we're going to cover and what we're going to try
and implement.
So the problems we have with our current code is that much of what we have written so far is hard coded.
A lot of our code is repetitive.
For example, initiating the driver in each test class.
Our code is also difficult to maintain and if we wanted to change the browser type or go to a different
URL, then we would need to update each class each time.
Luckily there is a better way to make our code more maintainable.
And this section of the course explains how.
So problems with the code are shown below.
So you can see that in each class we set the system properties and we also initiate the driver.
And in the test itself, or we might do this in the before test.
The notation is that we use driver don't get to visit AOL.
So improvement idea.
One is to create global variables in a separate file that we then pass to our tests.
This means our test will observe the value from the external file.
If we change the global variable value, then all tests observed in this variable will be updated with
the new value at execution.
This makes our code more maintainable and follows the observer design pattern.
Improvement Idea two is to make it easier for us to switch between browser types.
Currently, if you want to change your browser from Chrome to Firefox or Edge, then we need to amend
the code in each individual Java class.
A better idea would be to use a properties file to set a browser value that we then pass into our tests.
This way we can create our code in our class to logically determine which browser to initialize.
For example, if I set browser equals chrome, then I expect our test to run using the Chrome browser.
Improvement idea.
Free is to think about place in all reusable code into a separate file.
I intend to create a base class which was store reusable methods that we can use in all our Java classes.
We can achieve this by making use of the extended keyword to gain access to the methods in the base
class.
For example, initiating the browser is common amongst all our tests, so it might make sense to write
this method once and instead we use it.
So I hope this provided a good overview of this section.
And in the next few lectures will explore how we can implement these changes into our project.